Okay, I've made an HMM for
sign language word, I.
>> Great, how did you pick those states?
>> Well, the gesture seemed like
it had three separate motions.
So, I made each of those
their own state and
chose the transition probabilities
based on the timing.
>> We can take a look at
the observed delta y here
to check to see if
the model is reasonable.
First, the arm comes up towards
the chest, and then pauses for
a moment and then goes back down again.
We can see that we spend a lot of
time in states one and three, so
there's a high probability
on their self loops.
State two is short so
we've given it a smaller probability.
>> Right, then we can fill in the output
probability distribution similarly.
For example in state two,
we have a higher probability
of getting a delta y of zero.
We use Gaussian to model the upper
probabilities here since they have nice
properties.